I used them to hold down the carpets ends very easy to install they work great.

Bought these for my kitchen entry rugs and they adhere perfectly. I have not wiped them down yet and hope they are as reusable as stated.

LOL great idea. Not for hard floors. Sticks to the hard floor but not the carpet. Does not really stick to carpet either, but easily removed. Would not recommend and would not re-purchase.

These are easy to use and definitely hold my rug in place on a ceramic tile floor!

Work wonderfully!!  No more sliding csrpet

I got these for some carpets I got that are just rolled weird so the corners lift up and drive me nuts o applied them and nothing I give 2 stars because they arrived fast and did at least stick to the rug just not to the carpet very disappointed here

I purchased these in the hopes that a rug would stay put on top of another rug. Didn’t work as well as I had expected. The adhesive didn’t stay very well but that could have been because of the way I used it.

The wet and reuse item description is not accurate. Didn't work for mine. I threw in the trash when I had to reposition and bought a different brand.If you want the rug to stay in the same place, the adhesion is good and didn't ruin my wood floors.

Unfortunately these did not work even in the slightest.

Not worth the money 👎

Very disappointed in this product. I bought this product to make sure my carpet to carpet wouldn’t roll up and when I placed it on the carpet, the first thing I did was roll. I guess it was too much to ask for something that would work carpet carpet.

We got these because we had a throw rug with corners that didn't stay down. These are easy to install and keep the corners in place.

but totally useless for an area rug on top of industrial carpet. Very sticky, but does not adhere to underlying carpet at all.

They do not stick to carpet and when throw rug moves they ball up making them unusable.  Definitely  not as advertised

I tried to use this for a runner and it lasted about one hour

They stuck to everything but the rug and the carpet that they were purchased for.  Absolute worst.

I bought this for the first time before Xmas. My rugs stayed in place. Didn't move at all. And I have small grandchildren. It stood up to the test. They are hard to remove They will rip vinyl mats remove slowly.

I got this to keep my rug from sliding and folding up on my carpet. So far it only holding down on one side. The other side still is moving. Maybe works better on the floor or hardwood but I wouldn’t buy it again for carpet

I have carpet similar in height to what is shown in the pictures, and these things DO NOT stick to carpet! These are for hardwood floors, tile, and linoleum ONLY! For a day or two they kept the rugs around my bed and bathroom counter in place, but as you walk on the rugs it pulls them loose, along with carpet fibers. I so wanted these to work because I have to shift the rugs around daily - but they don't and I am sad at having wasted the time and money buying and installing these things.

useless......

Sticky enough to keep ru in place. The very end of one corner is still a problem

Works great grips and no slips..rug stay in place ...

Not very good buy

Would not recommend!

Easy to put on easy to take off, but does not stick. Well keeps lifting the rug

These corner shaped dual sided rug grippers don't work.  I used on 3 different rugs on all corners and applied correctly.  The rugs corners are not rolling up or catching on my feet (thank goodness) but the rugs themselves continue to shift.  They are area rugs on my regular rug.  I specifically bought adhesive patches for rug on rug.  I am leaving them on the rugs and not returning them because they DO keep the corners down.  Just wanted future customers to be aware.

Carpet is listed, along with tile, hardwood floors, etc., leading one to believe that you could adhear an area rug to an existing carpet. Total crap for that application!

They hold great!

Perfect for coners

I liked how super sticky they were, but my carpets, a small five foot runner and a small area rug still move, just not as bad as before. I as m sticking carpet to carpet.

easy to install

to stick bathroom rugs from slipping.

Simply put, these grippers do not work. After installing them on the back of my throw rugs, they did not keep the rug from moving around on the carpeting. They made no difference what so ever!

Don’t waste your money. It would probably stick to smooth surfaces but it definitely doesn’t stick to the bottom of a rug.

These work but not for what I needed. Does what it says.

Secure corners on new area rug.

it is not working wih carpey

Definitely keeps throw rugs in place.  It takes a little tugging to get it to release from the floor in order to wash the rug, but they rinse off nicely and were reapplied without a problem.

They stuck to the floor and not the carpet.  Almost impossible to scrape off the floor.  They scraped off the floor in many pieces.  I will continue to look for the better larger square pads.  These are terrible.  Do not buy them.

Sticks to the floor better than the carpet

No good don’t buy

The rug grippers did not work at all.  They still let the rug move and they came half way off as people walked on the rugs.  Not a good product at all.

Stuck to the rug well, but didn’t stick to the carpet. When I went to remove from rug it pulled the rug fabric out of the rug.

Once we took the rugs up to mop our floors the rug gripper never stuck back to the rug. It says reusable but it's not. The other rugs that we didn't move and nice and set with this rug gripper.

They are ok

In spite of advertising stating these would for area rug on top of carpet, they do not hold at all.  Carpet is not dense and rug backing is rather smooth.  Very disappointed.

Has no grip on carpet floor. I want my money back.

I bought this for the exact scenario pictured: a small entryway rug over carpet that scoots to one side of the hallway as you walk over it.  This slowed the scooting down so now instead of having to reposition the rug every day, I have to do it every few days.  So, it kinda works and kinda doesn't work.

Easy to get on but doesnt stay on.

The top rug either buckles or slides right off the carpet.  Sad I bought so many.

Difficult to remove backings on both sides of gripper.  Placed on tile and some instances in trying to remove came off in pieces.  Left a sticky film on tile that took a lot of scrubbing to remove.  Did not hold carpet in place.Tried on mattress and box springs to keep mattress in place.  Also did not hold.Would not recommend.

needed other shapes other than L shape.

I was hoping these would hold my area rugs in place as it says on the package but they didn't. I even followed the instructions for wiping them off to make them stick again on the carpet and after a few days they were unstuck again.

I was so pleasantly surprised by how well these worked! My bathroom rugs do not move!

I loved how they held my rugs in place!!

Hardly any adhesion.

The adhesive to the rug was good, to the carpet was crap. Didn’t stink at any point, it’s crap, don’t buy

These don’t help at all! I’m looking at my rug corners curling up as I’m writing this! They’re not even in high traffic areas!

Excellent strength.  Solved problem of a runner rug being curled up continuously and it has not happened once since.

Easy to install, instructions are idiot proof, but the product didn't work. Rug still moved with 4 corners attach as instructed. Not returning, just taking it as a write off.

This might product might work on a small rug on a wood or vinyl flooring. Open the package, pealed back the clear covering just about an inch, touched the stickyness ...and laughed. Bout it ...printed the return label.

In the description it says will work on carpet. They do not.

DO NOT waste your money on these.  they DO NOT stay in place and does not keep rug secure..a BIG wast of money.. will not buy again

I bought these a couple times. They do work, but eventually they will stop because it accumulates particles which makes it stop sticking to the carpet. I work out and it prevents the carpet from slipping, so that’s good lol! I also like that when it’s time to rip it off, it comes right if the floor without leaving any sticky residue behind. Will definitely buy again.

Bad productDoesn’t stick properly and getting ripped though kept a weight at the edges for an hour

Don’t waste your money. They don’t stick on the throw carpet. Just didn’t work.

These did not help my rugs to stay down.

Too sticky. Hard to get off.

The adhesive is okay and I thought it stay put.  Unfortunately, the area rug still moves.  One of the corners of the rug where the adhesive is, came off.  I'm sure this would be great for hard wood or laminate but does not work for carpeted areas.

Bad product for carpet floors  u cant add smaller rugs they want stick  they want stay in place.

Don't stick to standard carpet

These do nothing in keeping my rug from moving on carpet at all. Waste of money

This is a great product for the rugs in the house. Easy to apply and reapply when you need to move the rug.

Holds carpet

I got these specifically to hold my rug down on the carpet and they don't stick to carpet at all, even though that is what's shown.

Clamps are reusable I tried to reposition one after it came off several times and was all twisted and I didn’t hear very well I don’t think it so great my opinion is just get a roll of carpet tape and change that when it’s needed I have a carpet in my bathroom that I have down with the carpet tape and it doesn’t move I just didn’t want to put that on the other ones for cleaning purposes which they claim but I found out different

Adhesive is ok not great if you have a lot of traffic

Did not help to hold one rug to another. Ivwas trying to place a scatter rug on top of existing carpet but did not work.

I bought these to attach a small rug to the carpet. The adhesive worked fine on the underneath of the rug, but not on the low piled carpet underneath, even though the product indicated it would.

I have ordered two type of grippers for throw rugs on carpet none of them receive much foot traffic but neither help hold the place of the rugs. Both do seem to work on hard surfaces, any suggestions regarding rugs staying in place on carpeted surfaces?

The description said the adhesive would stick to the rug, however the application of the product doesn’t

These do not work.  They don't adhere well to carpet and don't stay down at all with carpet to floor and carpet to carpet applications.  DO NOT BUY THESE!

These rug grippers are useless for most rugs. I have a heavy rug I’ve love if it stayed in place. Bought these and they didn’t help at all. Wouldn’t even stay stuck to the rug.

Poor.  Waste of Monet.

Two days after installing, the door mat began moving. A week later the rug is free.Not worth it

This would likely work for hardwood or tile but doesn't stick to carpet at all.

Works well and so far so good

I bought these to keep my rug in place when my dogs get the zoomies. These do not hold up to that and within 3 days they were useless. Great if you don't have a zoomy dog

Did not fulfill intended purpose

Very disappointed. Added them to the rug and pushed them down. But, within hours, the rugs were moving and out of place again. Never did what it claimed.

This product did not work as advertised . I bought it because my area rug wouldn't lay flat. The rug moved just as much with the gripper

Will not grip carpet

This product is great for solid floors but it won’t stick to carpet at all

These are suppose to keep area rugs in place on carpet- they don’t

I have a small carpet runner in my carpeted hallway that moves and folds in the middle. I was hoping this product would keep the runner flat and secure, but they runner continues to fold in the middle and move around even after I installed these. The only benefit is that the corners of the runner are weighted down now, so they don't curl up. This product might work on a wooden/tile floor, but not on top of carpet as is advertised.

Unfortunately the picture is misleading for this product . The adhesion did not keep my rug in place over my carpet . A total loss.

No se adhirió a la alfombra, si al piso

Installation wasn’t bad but these did not work on my rug

This product did not work at all! I used it for a 5x7 rug to adhere to my carpet. My carpet is basic and flat. My rug just kept sliding all over the place. I even used all the grippers and still no good!

Easy to install, but doesn’t work.

get rug to stick

Based on the reviews, I thought these would work to hold my rug in place on the carpet in my office. Not even close. The rug is one of those 8'x10' inexpensive ones so not heavy. The grippers glued onto the rug with no problem, however, they do not adhere to the carpet underneath. For reference, the carpet that the building has down is a very flat, industrial type of commercial basic carpet - it's not fuzzy and it's not a thick pile so in theory, these should have worked. Especially since the description of them says they work for rugs on carpet. I even put extra ones along the whole edge of the one part of the rug that always is the one to slide. Nope. For me, it was a complete waste of $$.

Grippers did not work very well on my rug to carpet. Would probably work well on a floor that was not carpeted.

Worked for approximately 4 seconds. Not worth your money…

Was a little disappointed. The rug moves just as much with them as before

So far so good haven't had to remove them and replace them yet so jury still out on that but right now they definitely work great

Did not work for me.Carpet on carpet

They don't work on a rug to carpet floor.

There were only 7 grippers in the package.  It stated 8. Would like another one

The rug grippers did not work for me. Not sure if it was because the carpet was new. They attached well to my rug but not my carpet.

Product description shown with product on web site indicates these will work on carpet and other flooring. Does not work on my carpet, runner still slides. Would not recommend.

Poor product. Did not hold rug in place at all. Caused damage when tried to remove them.

I just put them on, they seem very sticky and will probably work fine.

They did not stick to the underside of my rug very well which means they do not keep the rug in place. They also do not stick well to my carpet, so I still have a rug that shifts around but now have sticky strips too. Do not recommend.

We tried many of these so called "grippers", but none worked all that well. These are great so far!

This might even damage your floor. They stick too much to the floor but didn’t stick to the rug. I had to use a putty knife to remove them from floor.  Useless.

Who knew that such a simple thing could make me so happy? I loved my rug but disliked walking on it because I knew it would move & not be in the middle of the room. I had little hope when I received these because my rug was new & still rolled on the ends. These held the corners down so great! The rug is in the middle of my room with me walking on it now. I will never buy that rug anti slip stuff that lays on the floor again!!!!!

Don't buy.It doesn't adhere

I needed it to stick to carpet and it doesn’t

Easy to install and works really well.

It did not work.

I bought it because it stated that it was for rugs on top of carpets, but the rug still moved on the carpet, it just slow it down.

The description indicates it can be used to adhere a throw rug to a carpet. It can not! I ended up using T pins to attach my throw rug to my carpet. Works well at a fraction of the price 😉

They do not stick at all.

The description on Amazon notes that these are good for rugs on hardwood, but also for carpeting.  In fact, the photo shown with the product on Amazon is of a rug being placed on carpeting.  When I received the item, the packaging's photo on the front is of a rug being placed on tile.  The smaller photo on the back shows a rug being placed on hardwood.  In practicality, for my use to place a rug on carpeting with extremely low pile, it did not work well at all.

Placed on laminate flooring.  Rug still slid.  When tried to remove, stuck to floor.

These stay put and do not move. Great product.

First, these carpet grippers are sticky on BOTH sides.  I would not apply any sticky surface to my wall-to-wall carpet.  Second, while one sticky surface stuck to the bottom of my throw runner, the other did NOT stick to my linoleum floor.

Doesn't stick well to rug or carpet.

The adhesive is very light,  Would not reorder

I was excited to get theses put on my runners in my kitchen. But that was short lived. They will stick to you and nothing else. So if you're tired of the slip and slide with your rugs. I can not recommend these. Look elsewhere.

Didn't stick to my carpet floor. Smaller than I thought

I rated this product 5 stars because it really is good but I was under the impression it could be used on carpeted floors. It does not work.In all fairness I can’t rate this product as being poor. I just need to find the right product for my needs.

I was really happy that my rug was staying in place the first few days. Dogs playing in the rug and easily moved the rug and now it’s no longer sticky. Disappointed by this product

If you want back exercise, get this because you'll be bending over several times a day to secure your rug to the carpet .Complete waste of money

I needed something to hold a rug on carpet, these would work fine on flat wood or tile floor not carpet floor.

These are hard to put on your small rugs. Also DO NOT HOLD THE RUG IN PLACE.

Didn't think I'd find something that would keep my rug from folding up until I bought this. As soon as I put them on my rugs each corner stayed down. Some even had creases and it still stayed down! Will definitely buy more.

It doesn't work on carpet. My rug still slides.

Did not work at all.  So disappointed.  Tried so many times and ways that the return policy expired.

Did not hold my rug in place on patio.

To be clear, once you install these, they do stick but my cats managed to bring them  up in 5 days. Once they unstick from the rug, you can't put them back on. The side that attaches to the carpet is NOT cleanable and unusable. Buy the carpet tape instead. It works the best!

Product doesn’t grip the rug to carpet very well. Just walking still makes the carpet creep over.  We even added 4 units along the one side of the rug. Still creeps.

Very easy to apply, but did not stay. Carpet moved all over. When I attempted to reposition, it pulled up carpet fibers. Big waste of money!!!

Grippers are not sticking properly.  They are automatically loosened and not sticking again

Easy to install but didn’t stick to carpet as advertised. Rug had slipped within 2 days of installing grippers

Works great on all my rugs.

Nothing stayed in place

I bought these because of the picture of a rug on carpet, but nope. Not for more than 30 seconds.

Not vert sticky on the side to the rug so peels off really easily

This runner rug grip does not stick to the carpet underneath at all. It feels sticky but does not work, and the underlying carpet is very short pile. The runner keeps moving. Waste of money.

Installed these on the interior carpets of a travel trailer. Worked okay for only one weekend. This was after cleaning the floors and following instructions. Ditched these and then purchased double sided carpet tape which worked extremely well over these. I would not purchase these carpet grippers again.

They claim this item will work best on smooth carpet.  It stuck to the corner of my rug, but didn't stick at all to the new smooth carpet underneath.  I will be sending back for a refund.

didnt work for me

Great idea but my carpet started to move within days of adhering these to my carpet and hardwood floor. Disappointed.

They do not work to hold a rug in place in carpet as it states.

I was so excited about these so that finally my rugs would stay in place, and they lasted until the 2nd day.  The adhesive is not strong enough; the product actually folded up on itself.  SAVE YOUR MONEY, do not buy these.

Bought these for a rug on carpet, they are already coming off after a week. Probably works good on hardwood

Adhesive not good on carpet

Easy to put on!  Worrried about removing it.  I was careful and the removal went well for both the carpet and the rug!

Waste of $$$$$! Said it would hold runner to carpet, would not even stick to back of runner, and worse  runner to carpet!!

They don’t stick to rugs. Waste of money.

The product didn't work.

I put them on the area rug in hopes it would hold over the carpet. It did not hold at all. Waste of money.

Adhesion not easy to remove

I have tried everything but this is my last attempt... it does not work on burber carpet

I used it on a rug and wood floor. It did not work.

I have a rug that slides on my bedroom carpet. From reading, I thought this worked on carpet. It doesn’t. So pulled these off my area rug. Guess I’ll try a rug mat under it, but those don’t seem to have a good review either. Any suggestions for my 5x8 bedroom rug that is on carpet?

bought these so my rug wouldn’t roll up in the corners and my rug still rolls up and when I try to pull them off to clean and re stick them on and it pulls off my backing. These do not work as to keeping the corners down on my carpet.

Cheap product, ineffective and doesn’t stick

Strips don't work on carpet.  Rug sits over carpet, needed to keep corners from curling up, wouldn't stick to carpet

Do not order do not work. Waste of money!

Thought these would be a sure thing, but our carpet I think is too long and shaggy for anything to stop the corners from lifting when stepping in the middle of carpet.

They are easy to put on and all, but they only stick until you walk across the carpet. They ruined the bottom of my brand new rug, and I wish I never bought these.

I'm a fan! My kids were slipping on our rug when they would run into the room, or they would trip over the corner. These solved both these problems!

It didn't keep the rug from crawling.

It's easy to install, but essentially useless.

Says will adhere to carpet but it doesn't even added extra to my runner

This was not suitable for carpet like the description led on. Don't waste your money.

If you’re using this to put a rug or runner onto a carpet rather than a hardwood floor you might as well not buy it. Just use bricks to keep down the corners for a few days. It doesn’t stick very well to carpet.  Would not recommend in this case.

They hold the rug in place nicely and remove easily and will stick down again.

They stick well...at first. Eventually they will rip off your rug tearing the underside and pulling the rug fibers out basically destroying the rug. These are not good long term or for expensive rugs. I would avoid these.

This product is useless for securing a throw rug to carpeting. In the description it said it was made to secure a throw rug to carpeting. Don’t waste your money on this product.

This does not work well on carpet.  I even added something heavy on it for 2 days to see if it would enhance the sticking and no it didn't.

Easy install, lots of traffic and holding

We bought these rug grippers to keep a small rug in place on wall-to-wall carpeting next to a step from a family room to a kitchen eating area.  Although the use of the grippers is a little better than before, they do not keep the small rug in place on a constant basis.

Didn’t hold at all

They stick to the floor but not to the rugs.

The rugs don’t stay in place like I thought it should do

It was supposed to work on rug to carpet. It was to strong adhesive ,had to pry off and ruined my new carpet

Don’t work on a tile floor

Doesn't hold rugs in place on carpet

Dry wall screws work better and are cheaper!!!!!!

doe not hold the carpet down. waste of money

Does not stick like at all

I have 3 types of rugs and the article didn't stick the carpet/rug together. It is a 100% waste of my money

Was so looking forward to getting a product that really worked to keep my rug from curling on the ends...unfortunately, this isn't it.  I adhered product to he carpet and rug as described only to find it didn't hold.  I decided to place a large, heavy item on top of the rug hoping it would cause adherence; that didn't work either.  Still on the look for something that will work.  Disappointed in this product.

I used product for my dinning table rug.. works great

I just got around to using these.  I applied them to a runner in my hallway. I have mixed results;  one end sticks, but other end has lifted after 24 hrs.  The floor side is fine but the carpet side is filled with fuzz and does not stick to the carpet anymore.  Its too late to return so now I have to purchase some kind of adhesive to get this to work (fingers crossed).  No I would  not recommend this item.Also have someone re-write your tips.  They make zero sense.

Advertised for Rug on Carpet applications. Did NOTHING to hold rug from moving on carpet.

It doesn’t work

These do not keep a rug secured to carpet.

The gripper’s that don’t grip. Installed on very small rug & absolutely made no difference. Rug would slipback & forth front & back just as freely as grippers had not been installed at all. Actually think rug moves around & slips more with these grippers installed. They would be useful picking lint off your clothes or maybe dog hair.

I used it to keep my runner rug in place and it failed to work. It rolled under my rug in a ball . I’m asking for a refund please

The sticker party covers the instructions.  Should be on the other side or above or below the instructions

I bought this to keep,runners on my wall to wall from slipping but it didn’t work maybe works on floors,

Only mildly helps. Carpet still moves around, but it is in a very high traffic area.  Would probably do okay in a home setting.

This cannot be used to affix a rug over a carpet.  It does not work.

put four of these strips on a runner to hold it to an existing wall to wall carpet. we wanted to hold the runner down in the area in front of the couch. the product held for maybe two times that i walked on the runner.  they didn't even hold the runner down to a wood floor.  waste of money.

Used only two on each of my stair treads, no more slipping!

they don’t adhere.  save your money and buy a new rug.

Even though the picture in the ad shows a rug under the rug you put them on they don't keep the top rug from moving.  Appear to be only good over wood flooring.

It didn’t adhere to carpet well☹️

I thought it would help my rug stop slipping on my carpet, but it doesn’t. I think it would stick on other flooring.

Only buy it if you want Nike Swoosh emblems on your wall.

Did work for me,will not recommend

Repeat Buy

Best sticker I've tried. Won't buy any other brand. Holds great. Have not removed a bit!

They didn’t work at all whatsoever

This product works very well, hope it will be easy to remove when it comes time

THey were easy to put on, but I am not certain how well they will work to remove.  They see pretty sticky, and I hope they dont damage the hardwood floor.

These grabbers move on carpet, so your rug does too.

They don’t stick together, I needed these to bond with my carpet like friends lol, but they don’t. The adhesive is very poor, I wouldn’t purchase this again.

Did not adhere my carpet runners to my carpet.  This product I did not like.

Tried other adhesives and none worked.  So far these are great.

Do not purchase. I purchased enough for four rugs and they ALL are still moving everywhere.

I did not like that the adhesive did not keep the carpet in place for more than a few days.  I have never purchased this item before and will not again

Your floor has to be really clean and so wax or floor cleaner.  Used on a small throw rug in kitchen.  It stuck really good but hard to get up and didn't stick back as well.Would be really good if you don't remove the rug very often.  Doesn't stick to concrete or porous material.

The stickers do not stop the throw rugs from moving when walked on.

I have a carpet so I need a rug grip that is compatible. I brought these hope it would work but after letting them sit for 30 mins I walked on the rug and it instantly scrunched. I would not recommend.

Don’t waste your money!

Didn't expect it to work on carpet on carpet, however it was advertised to be able to. Unfortunately, this is not the case.

They don’t stick very well.

I tried it because it was supposed to keep the rug from moving. Didn’t even last 5 minutes. I tried to take it off to return. It totally ripped up my brand new area rug.

These don’t stick well. I’ve used on all my rugs and they all have stopped sticking after just a month. I will not buy again.

Horrible, doesn’t work on carpet. not as advertised.

They do not stick rug to carpet as advertised.  I bought 2 packs and only kept the one because I had used but I returned the 2nd pack

They do not hold down the corners of your carpet.. The carpet still rolls up on the end

Product description indicated use on carpet but it did not work for me. I have wall to wall carpeting and wanted to secure a rug on top. Rug did not stick to carpet with use of these grippers. Rug still slid. Corners of rug did not stay down.

Not worth it

It just doesn’t work

I like how well that grabs and there is no slip, and they're easily removed and easy put back on

Despite the description saying these work on carpet, they don't. At least not on my carpet. I have throw rugs on standard living room carpet and they didn't help one bit. They stick to the throw rug just fine, but don't stick at all to the living room carpet. Waste of money.

This idea was great and maybe it works for floors or tile, but it did not adhere to rug on carpet. It was super easy to install and remove. I wish it would have worked!

These do not stick to carpets!

Easy to install

Worked great on hardwood/laminate. Still sticky months later and shows no shoguns of budging. Did not work on carpet.

I have a heavy living room rug and when I would vacuum these things came apart from the rug so easily, SO AGGRAVATING! They stick to the floor great but definitely not to the carpet of the rug!

These were the best rug stickers I’ve bought! Didn’t move at all when the 5 dogs are playing and chasing each other through the house! Love them! Had to move the rug though so it was a little tough prying the sticker off the ground but once it was off there was no residue whatsoever!

No Media

Doesn't work at all. Disappointed

Did not hold our throw rug in place!

The directions were easy to understand and easy to put on the rug we purchased.  Haven't been on for any length of time.  it seems that I would have to have them on my rugs for a longer period of time to make sure  they work for the long haul.

Do not work on carpet at all.  Do not buy if that is your intended use.

Do not stay stuck down

Absolutely did not do as advertised.  We placed them on the corners of the rug snd the rug moved every time we stepped on it.

lasted for one day only

Grate product. Holds our kitchen floor pads tightly in place.

Did not stick to carpet or back of rug.

Did not hold rug in place over carpet. Rug moved just like it did prior to installing these rug grippers. May work over solid surface?

Said would work on carpet....did not stick very well....

This product was advertised as being great for carpet and that's the reason I purchased the product.Dont wast your money or time with this product if you are planning on walking on the carpet.

Didn’t work for my purposes. I have throw rugs on carpet and they gripped the rug but not carpet. It is easy to install and grips to the bottom of the rug but did not attach to the carpet underneath at all. Still have sliding throw rugs!

Best rug gripper I've ever used so far, super stable and very easy to remove. Very happy with it!!

Finally a good working rug tape that works! Very sticky, and my rug is not moving at all. Easy to remove, no residue and everything is perfect.

Product description states “ These throw rug grippers are also suitable for carpets of various shapes and sizes.”.It absolutely does not stick to carpeting and the area rug buckles to create a significant tripping hazard.

The ad shows using it on a carpeted floor.  It did not work.  I was so disappointed.

Did not keep area rugs straight on carpet. I ended up using regular old carpet tape for much less.

They do not work. I have Berber carpet and I think that is the reason.The carpet has to be smooth.

i bought 8 of them, no use, reg still move like before!

Two of the corners keep coming back up.

They are not that adhesive

It works

2nd time purchasing these. Great product.  Was so tired of rug sliding around when my dog runs in there.  Stays put now.  I have not tried to clean and reapply.  Just bought new.  No damage to floor from removal.  Good product

Do not stick well.  Was a waste of money!

These don’t work on carpet if you have a large area rug. It’s way too flimsy. I could see it working on hard floors, but waste of money for me.

They do not stick to the rug properly and my rug is still moving so they don't work

After 4 days the end started to lift in an area where there is no heavy traffic.

They don’t adhere to carpet like they claim

First off you can’t take these off your rug once you’ve applied it but the part that supposed to stick to the floor didn’t work at all. What a waste of money and time.

Works great on area carpet rugs

Terrible product!

They are probably great for a smooth floor but they don't work for rug on carpet. Bummer.

We were disappointed that our rugs still move around. We tried.

Sadly, they don't work at all. Definitely easy to install, and very easy to remove. Disappointed.

Easy to remove because they did not keep rug in place, so we took them off. Returned - great customer service.

Easy to use and great product.

I put them on my rugs a couple days ago, they don’t do anything.

The product worked well for holding down the corner of a lightweight carpet on a Trex deck but did not work well for an oriental carpet on top of another rug. It wasn't easy the get the backing off one side to expose the stickiness, but doable. It was a little too easy to remove, so I was not sure whether to give it one star or five stars. In summary, it works great for some uses, and not so great in others.

Rug still slides

Awesome, they stick perfectly. Unfortunately they are not adjustable or reusable.

Good product. Works well

I bought these because they were advertised to adhere to carpet. They do not. My rug still slides around and I am always having to straighten it.

It says it can be use on wooden or laminate flooring  but the package it came in did not say so

Didn't work out for me.  Wouldn't stick to the rubber back sides of my kitchen rugs.  However, they did stick on the tile floor.  In my case, no bueno.  Glad Amazon refunded me without having to waste time returning them.  Would NOT recommended.

They do help with the sliding of the carpet, but carpet on carpet it’s not sticking as well as we hoped

No adhesion. I have an area rig that keeps moving on the carpet. Bought these to adhere rug to carpet. Wouldn’t stick whatsoever

Doesn’t work as expected in high traffic areas

The product sticks to the back of the rug but only does a so so job of holding the rug in place on the carpeting. (The whole reason I ordered these)  Would not order again.

Very easy to use.

Had carpeting professionally cleaned and used these for three rug runners of high quality.  The runners all bunched up and caused a tripping hazard

I was so excited to try these as we have 3 really large dogs and my rugs NEVER stayed in place. The grippers are easy to install on the rug. Once laid down, the grippers stick exceptionally well!  My 115 lb German Shepherd didn’t even budge them. But when it came to wash the rugs, the trouble started. The grippers came off the floor without a problem. However, they tore up the back of each rug. I was not able to get any of the rug backing off the gripper, even following the steps listed in the product page. I loved how well everything stayed in place with the grippers on, but they are definitely NOT reusable. If you have a rug you don’t intend to wash, ever, then these are great for you. Otherwise, it’s a one stick and done.

Not good

Love this product. Will buy in future whenever I put in new area carpets.

We needed our rug to stay in place in our RV, even with a 90-pound dog walking and laying on it. Voila! With these grippers, it stays put. No more sliding dog when we stop. Everyone's happy again.

It didnt work

Was very easy to use and it holds my runner in place

Didn’t work on carpet like it said they would!

They do not stick to the rug at all. Like they’re worse than using scotch tape 🤦🏻‍♀️

I have searched for months looking for a carpet to carpet adhesion system, to keep carpet runners from "creeping" when walked on. This appeared to be a stick on, with a hook/eye system. It isn't. Very disappointing.

I am so pleased with these. I used them on two rugs on hardwood floors. The rugs don’t move anymore which means no tripping and slipping. Love these!

Easy to use

ok

Sticks to wood floor outstanding. Doesn't stick to rug at all si pretty much worthless. Duct tape rolled into a circle held 10x better. Waste of money

The first photo advertising this is deceiving; I bought this specifically because it showed a gripper on an area rug that was on carpet. Stuck to carpet for all of 10 minutes before our dog was able to move carpet with ease. Will not grip an area rug to carpet. Only works on hard surfaces. Glad I only wasted $13.

I have a ornamental throw rug on short knap carpeting.  The rug crawls when walked on. I was hold these stickers would hold the rug in place. It does not. Perhaps the ease of using and removing also reduces the sticker's ability to hold the rug in place?

These are AWFUL.  They do NOT work.  They somehow get dirty then stop working.  I used the product twice and both times it was a fail.  I used carpet tape, and have had NO PROBLEMS.  Just get tape!

This product is very, very poor and a waste of money.  It will not adhere to rubber backed bath rugs.  Do not recommend purchase from this vendor.

Useless!

It did not last

So far these have been better than any other alternative we have purchased. Everything else has eventually curled up and knees have been intact and were an awesome price!

Bought this for my rug and it DID NOT stick whatsoever, waste of money.

Did not work well at all

Did not work for me.  Would not stick.

Don’t stay adhered to floor

States it would hold on carpet and it doesn’t even stick to carpet at all!

Did not work. Rug still slipping

These corner rug grippers are perfect. They keep the edges stuck down and make using a runner possible for me. If I had to worry about tripper over a rug edge, I'd not be able to have area rugs or runners. These work very well.

My two dogs can now run full speed over my area rugs and the rugs stay put!

I know that using it on another carpet it doesn't hold that well. Hope using it on a bare floor it's better.

Actually works great. Holds carpet at corners... No more tripping!

I have a lot of rugs for my apartment, which has carpet. The adhesive was great the first 3 days but after that, the rugs started to slide again. I wouldn't recommend it.

Not recommend for Rug to carpet adhesion. You better off using a scotch tape. Will not stick properly.

The description said they would not mar the finish on hardwood floors.  I tried them out on diagonal corners first as I saw that they had a very strong adhesive that sticks directly on the floor.  They were on only a few days and the rug broke away from the corner piece.  The piece remained on the floor and when I went to remove it, it was stuck fast and pulled up the finish and a chunk of wood.  I now have  a divot in the floor that I have to repair.  I threw these away and ordered others that grip with a rubbery backing that holds the rug but doesn't use strong adhesives that stick to smooth surfaces but not the underside of a rug.  Junk.

Carpet to carpet still have a slight problem, but for the most part it works. Carpet to wood floor great! Like the instruction say make sure floor and carpet clean.

This product was advertised to work on carpet.  It does not.  My rug keeps moving whenever someone walks on it.

Love these little grippers! My son told me about them. I have used many different types over the 50 years I've been married, all have disappointed me from the start! These arrived quickly very easy to put on the rugs. They stay in place, even when I vacuum the rug! Well made! I just ordered more ! Thank you for this wonderful product. I'm going to check out your website for other gems you might have! I would highly recommend these rug grippers!!

It worked for a week. It says you can wash them to reuse, due to dog hair etc. not true! Does not stick, so not with it .

Does not stick well, my pups easily pull up, comes up when vacuuming.

They don't hold rugs down, rugs move, my neighbor wanted to know if I liked them and I told her not to waste her money ordering. Very disappointed with them.

They didn't work well.  Was disappointed.

finally my large 9X12 cotton rugs will not move from my dogs chasing each other. Great design.

My carpet still rolled. The grip was not strong enough to hold carpet down.

I used this on two different area rugs because my rugs kept a moving on my carpet and was very disappointed that these did not work. They did not stick to the carpet and still moved after I applied it.

This did not work at all on rug to carpet or on rug to wood floor. Floors and rugs were vacuumed and cleaned before application and they did not last 8 hours before unsticking.

I like that it does sticks to the surface however it seems to stick more to the floor and the fingers than to the rug.

I've had these for maybe 2 weeks and my rug is already sliding.  They are not adhering to my tile well :(

They stuck to the floor but not the carpet. Very disappointed

Thes are great. Work even better than I expected.

Finally something that works- and doesn’t leave a residue! Love them!

This item not working as claimed. Not sure how to send back now that I in stuck it. Bummed.

Works well on floors, but unfortunately does not work on carpets as advertised.

They hold up very nice against dogs they rug does not move when they play😁

These stick really good and easy to remove!

The idea is there but they don’t actually stick to your rug or work worth a crap.

Don't waste your money on this item. Would not stick on my area rug. Rug slides around and is dangerous. I am looking for a different brand that I purchased before and which worked like a charm.

This doesn't stick to the rug. Doesn't do the job.

The picture shows carpet to carpet use...not so.  My carpet is low level and these did not work at all.  I'm returning.  Can I do this at the sellers cost?

I bought it because it says you can use on a rug, however it doesn’t work at all and my rug constantly moves as if doesn’t have it on there. I may return. I don’t recommend.

I bought this because the picture shows it sticking to carpet. I took the pieces out and applied to my rug and the carpet. It did not even stick. I am returning for a refund

This worked great for the rug under my table. Not quite as good for the hallway runner, but to be fair, I had to readjust it several times which made it lose stickiness.

Good value. Easy to install. Great instructions.

Goes on easily and holds the rug in place.  If u lift the rug several times it loses the stickiness.

They don’t stay stuck on the carpet below. It would probably be better for hardwood or tile under the rug.

They don’t work very well if you have a big rug apparently. I have an 8x10 area rug and I guess they aren’t big enough to hold down the corners. Maybe it would work if you had a small rug. I gave it 5 stars for easy to remove because it won’t hold.

Just as expected

Do not waste your money because these do not hold a rug un place at all.

They are easy to put on but they do not come up off the floor easily and they do not come off of the rug at all. So if you plan to move the rug, clean your floor or clean your rug don't use these. They definitely work and the rug doesn't slide but not very practical for cleaning you house.

These work for about a week then the adhesive wears off. We have a 70 lb dog that runs around the house. I purchased these so that the area rug wouldnt go all over the room when he does so. It worked for a week. Now I have these stuck to my wood floors while no longer stuck to the rug. I would not recommend these AT ALL.

When you use them do one corner at a time - not all 4.

I have these on 4 rugs, and they don’t move at all.  They have made my home safer!

Holy cow!  They grip tight lol!  I put most of them on my big area rug and they hold the corners super great rug on rug.  If you want to remove them from a linoleum floor I recommend hitting the gym to get muscles, as they do stick strong to the linoleum.  Great job!  Highly recommend.

These grippers are very strong, they are good of you don’t want to remove them.They are not washable because the glue pulled too much lent from the rugs that it’s impossible to clean.But they are super strong, I used themTo attach the actual runner to the rug.

So easy to use. And it’s reusable making it a long lasting product. It sticks perfectly.

These are amazing! I work out every day in front of my TV on the large 7x8 rug in my living room.  I used to have the lattice sticky stuff but with all the lunges and really just walking across my living room the whole thing would slide.  I am doing even more quick moving exercise programs and the carpet doesn't move at all. If I had more rugs I would definitely buy this again.

Johny should have used a pad if he wanted to vac under his rug .

Absolutely fabulous! Easy to use and they adhere to my linoleum floor wonderfully well. They helped my new rug flatten out quickly and stay stuck to the floor. SO much better than those silly rubber grip pads. I absolutely recommend these. Excellent for the price, too.

As soon as I applied this to the rug, the corners that were rolling up flattened.  I haven't as of yet took the sticker off  between the rug and carpeting.  The Rug Gripper is adhering nicely to the rug and the weight of the Rug Gripper is keeping the corners down.Very happy so far.

The corners of my rugs always curl up and I have an active toddler. These things made my life so much easier.

I really needed these grippers to hold an area rug in place on carpet and it does not do that.  However, the grippers work fine on hard surfaces

I used them the first time worked amazing. However when I decided to wash my rugs and had to remove them they DO NOT work a second time. The instructions say to wash with water or alcohol and I did just that. One side works and the other side doesn’t work anymore, the stickiness is gone Therefore the claim of using it more than one time/reusable is FALSE. I’m happy with the first use. Now that I still need them I’m having to spend more money and order a new set with knowing that won’t work after first use. My suggestion is for the manufacturer remove from its claim works more than once.

These work great! I have a Doberman that kept sliding on my rug. These work flawlessly. Will buy again.

I'm using this product to secure a throw rug to the hardwood floor in front of my kitchen sink. It works as advertised: no more tripping or sliding around! I haven't tried to remove the strips so can't comment on that issue.

My cats were having way too much fun launching themselves off the runner in the living room, sending the runner flying across my hardwood floors.. this solved the problem.Cats aren't happy but I am, now my rug is always right where I left it.

I was skeptical of this product but dislike those flimsy rug pads. Plus it had lots of positive reviews. These really keep all the corners down so it’s much less likely to cause a fall. I was easily able to vacuum over the rug. I’ve not tried pulling it up so not sure if the adhesive sticks stubbornly to the floor. My floor is so ugly I kinda don’t care.

I should of paid attention to the Super stick. It stuck so hard to the floor that I was afraid it would take the finish of of my bamboo flooring. So I took them off and it peeled the backing off my rugs. I think they would work on tile flooring.

Did not grip the floor or rug.

It is easy to remove the glued position at once. The point is that it is very sticky. So I am not afraid of slipping.

Excellent product

I tried to use these to keep my rug in place but they weren’t strong enough

It didn’t work !

This was easy to apply and completely eliminated tripping and curling of the edges.  Well worth the money.

Love these

Do not recommend at all. Definitely not washable. Torn my mat while taking out (pictures define). Sticky and slimy, catches dust and hard to remove. Normally, I do not give 1 star for my buys. Ut for this one, I could not resist.

I’m so happy with my purchase it works properly with my rugs since i have 2 dogs and love to play around or pull my rug so i need to buy adhesives  rug to keep them in place I’m glad i bought this my rug dont move anymore I highly recommend this product price is good

Rug stays down works perfectly! I’m so happy with this product!

It’s ok, good value, comes in 8 pcs. however it only stayed on the hardwood floor for a few days then started coming off the rug. I’ll try using all 8 on the right and will update.

Too flimsy and doesn’t work for me

My rug has not moved since I put them on.  Not even my dog’s running moves it any more!

Product works as intended.  Stick it to the bottom of a carpet on tile/wood floors and it keeps it in place.  I have a small rug that the charging station of my robovac would sit on, and the robovac would always bump into and move the rug.  Now with rug grippers, my robovac can return to its home without any issues.

Great product. When it sticks, it sticks! You need to measure it out right because Once it sticks it is hard to readjust.

The grippers showed up on time and looked as described. I’m sure they were intended mostly for hard floors but the description said they would work on carpet and they do not. They are also not washable and reusable as stated. So they do not hold the mat in place and can’t be repositioned. Waste of money.

This works perfectly! I have three very rambunctious large dogs who run around all day. My rug has not moved at all!!! I’m so happy with these!

i use these for my living room rug. i have a puppy that gets the zommys and these stay in place

These were very easy to install both on the area rug and on the rug padding corners.  Now they do not slide or move.  I would purchase these again when needed.

Exactly as described, works well, easy to remove.

Used this to secure loose carpet on a step last week. Still holding good at the moment. Very sticky so you do have to be careful with it. Would recommend and will be using it for other jobs around the house when I get round to them.

This product worked brilliantly, I stuck all the pieces in place, left it overnight and then started using it. Nothing is going to move it accidently! All you need to remove it is some dental floss, run it down the back carefully and off it comes. Absolutely no damage! This was used on painted wood. Very happy that I bought this item.

Fast delivery. Sticks very well, used on rugs in conservatory. Remains to be seen how well it would remove with no marks. I won't be testing this anytime soon. I would get again as quite a lot of uses in the home.

I’ve had a lovely rug for years but not the most expensive and therefore not very square. It rumpled up just looking at it. I had tried various rug non slip products but none of them worked. I’ve had my rug taped on to carpet for weeks now and it hasn’t moved a millimetre. I’ve seen posts about it leaving residue, I’ve been peeling the corners off regularly and so far no sign of any issue. Would highly recommend.

These are amazing!! Best rug grippers I’ve ever had. We have these on the runner in our hallway which gets a lot of foot traffic- the rug hasn’t budged! They’ve been down for a few months now and have been really durable. I’m impressed. Might get some more for our living room rug.

I bought these not holding out much hope, but they are really good. I’ve got a very energetic Labrador that likes to run about the house and the rug that’s on laminate flooring was always a casualty, being pushed into weird places because of it. But it’s holding the rug in place even with the heavy duty running and sliding he does. It was really easy to use as well.

So far these have worked like a charm!  I haven't taken them up yet or washed them so I can't judge that, but they do keep the rugs in place ( they are cotton rag rugs) with no corners coming up or scooting around.  Soooo I have had these for a while and I must say they work great.  I have used them with rag rugs and they had a LOT of fibers on them that wouldn't wash off.  I used WD 40 and was able to scrape the strings off and then washed them.  Voila!Hope this helps.

At this point I've put these on every single rug in my house, I am absolutely obsessed. To be fair I have not yet tried to pull up the rugs and 're-stick' them, but I will update this review if it goes poorly.If you like your rugs to stay in one place, BUY THESE!!!EDIT 4.2.20: I pulled the rugs up, and I would be really careful if I were you, the sticky pieces are more likely to pull off the carpet and stay stuck to the floor. I still leave this as a five star review because if I'm careful, it's fine, and my rugs don't move ANYWHERE. I will be buying more.

after trying different products this one actually worked

They suck the carpet is still moving and folds up.

Perfect for both of my rugs. I was even able to move one with relatively ease. So glad I bought them.

Easy to apply and keeps area rugs from slipping out. Works great for my heavy traffic areas with multiple dogs and kids!!

It sticks when u first use them, but u cannot reuse them.

They work great! My rug is finally staying in place!

Easy to put on the area rug and rug stays put. No more sliding rug. You will also get extra grippers.

They do the trick and stick the rug to the floor. However, they stick to the floor so well  its hard to get off and they leave a bad sticky residue.

It work perfect. Super happy with this product

Only stuck for a week  -

EDIT: I have now purchased a few of these. And had to replace them. But I still think they are as awesome as original review below. My rug is in entry way with big window/door and I get a lot of amazon deliveres that dogs think they need to attack so they get used a lot!!You guys, I’m literally shocked. I have a 70 pound pit bull and a 60 pound German short hair and a toddler who terrorize my house. I put this under two rugs and they have not moved in a week! I normally would have to move them 100000 times a day because of them sliding everywhere! One rug is a flat back and low pile rug which stuck really nice to and had higher hopes for it actually working- while IT WORKS! The other rugs is a uneven back since it’s a fancy rugs with mutiple colors and yard/thread whatever you get the picture and it STILL WORKS ON THAT ONE TOO!!!!!Seriously if you want to scream at your dogs or kids  cause you have to move the rug one more time, but these now.Seriously I think this is the best thing I bought on amazon ever and my husband jokes I have an affair with the amazon guy because he comes literally every day. Ok that’s all

This worked great on a hardwood floor. I removed it a few weeks after putting it down to vacuum and mop. It came up easily and did not leave marks on the floor. It was easy to stick back down as well.

The plastic coverings are very thin therefore it’s annoying to get them off to stick to the carpet. I have wood floors and sweep and mop underneath my rug. I pulled the rug off and the grippers stayed on the floor but ripped part of the rug off. I was very disappointed. When I tried taking the grippers off of my floor they would not come off easily and left a sticky residue behind.

Didnt help my carpet, but nothing has so far.

Works as advertised. Highly recommended. Would definitely buy again!

I really like these corner grippers. The do in-fact keep the corner of the rugs down and the rugs do not move. The grippers are a good size. I am planning on purchasing more.

These did not work. They stuck to my hard wood floor and the rug moved all around. Very disappointed.

Super easy to put on and that rug hasn’t moved since.

No rating on removal b’cuz I’m not doing it. So far so good. Very sticky. I love them.

I don’t like the product

Works like magic so far. I stopped slipping on our rags and our robot vacuum stopped folding them and moving them around. Let’s see how it holds.

Works just was stated.  My sister just ordered a set.

They keep my rugs down

Works like a charm. Very happy with product.

Not long lasting

Does not work on carpet and area rug

Easy to setup. Sticks to carpet backing. Sticks to vinyl flooring, not rough textured tile. Moves when we walk on it.

I followed instructions very carefully on how to install the grips.  I bought specifically because it can be used rug on rug.  I found the grips stuck very well to the base carpet but very poorly to the runner rug on top of it.  The rug stills slides like crazy so that you end up seeing the grips.  Basically not sticking to the runner rug at all.  Ended up removing the grips entirely.

Did not stick to underside of carpet at all. Offered zero improvement for carpet sliding

Would buy again!

Horrible, would have to pry it off the flooring underneath but couldn’t get it to stick to the carpet above.

stuck for a couple weeks but now its just a sticker stuck to my floor.

Does not stick to mat, keeps falling off :(

Did not stay on the carpet

They're a good buy. No residue on the floor after.

Ça va pour l instant

Ne colle pas du tout en dessous les tapis

Used these to stick down a hallway rug that I had taped a foam backing onto. This product has stuck well to the foam and the floor and the whole thing has not moved after several weeks. I am worried about the hardwood. Don’t know if it will damage the finish when removed.

Removed itself in minutes

Stuck to my floor, made a mess of it, and didn’t work to hold the rug in place at all. Had to scrape it off with goo gone. It’s just double sided sticky foam, and doesn’t work.

I would not buy them again

n/a

Would not recommend at all.  Waste of money and I bought two different types to compare.  This was by far the worst on natural fibre rugs

Poor quality, not very sticky

Did not stick for very long. Had to removed them and replace. Maybe they would have worked on a very low traffic area. Did not work for my hall.

Je voulais que ma moquette ne bouge plus sous nos pieds, j'ai donc acheté ce produit maismalheureusement il ne colle pas du tout à cette dernière, mais sur le plancher oui, même que j'ai essayer de légèrement chauffé ce dernier avec un sèche cheveu pour amélioré l'adhésion mais même résultat.Alors ne perdez pas votre argent avec ce produit.

It doesn't stick well to carpet underside

Messy glue and don’t stick or last

Non intrusive. Adheres very well to my two rugs.

No grip at all .

Package came with 8.Which I guess is a good thing since the stickiness doesn’t last long.My rug has unattached to the stickers but the stickers are stuck to my floorQuite frustrating actually considering I’ve only had them on since October.Not worth the buy in my opinion.

They don't stick to the carpet but hard to get off floor.

They work great but I’ve had to reattach them after vacuuming.

Would not stick. Did not work

Great product, but doesn't work with carpet surfaces as advertised

Not as strong

Works great!

They arrived fast and were what i needed

Not nice waste money

My carpet stuck for about 2 days and I have to replace the adhesive... won’t buy this again

